Centurion®
 Card from American Express
Issuer: American Express Centurion Bank
Fees Table
 Fees
Initiation Fee $7,500
Annual Membership Fee $2,500
Transaction Fees
● Foreign Transaction None
Penalty Fees
● Late Payment Up to $37. However, if your account does not have a Pay Over Time feature or balance and
you do not pay for two billing periods in a row, your fee will be $37 or 2.99% of the past due
amount, whichever is greater.
● Returned Payment Up to $37ß

How Rates and Fees Work
Rates for Pay Over Time balances See About Pay Over Time features in Part 2 of this Agreement
Penalty APR for new
transactions
Fees
Initiation This fee is on the Rates and Fees Table on page 1 of Part 1. This fee is a finance charge.
Annual Membership This fee is on the Rates and Fees Table on page 1 of Part 1. We will charge $2,500 for each
additional Centurion Card, $175 for up to 3 additional Platinum Cards, $175 for each additional
Platinum Card after the first 3, $45 for up to 5 additional Gold Cards, and $45 for each additional
Gold Card thereafter.
Late Payment Accounts without a Pay Over Time Feature or Balance: Up to $37. However, if you do not pay the
Amount Due for two billing periods in a row, your late fee will be $37 or 2.99% of the past due
amount, whichever is greater. ● Your first late fee is $27. This late fee will be charged if you do not pay the Amount Due on your
billing statement by the Next Closing Date shown on that billing statement. ● If you do this again within 6 billing periods, your late fee is $37 instead. ● However, if you do not pay the Amount Due for two or more billing periods in a row, your late fee
will be $37 or 2.99% of the past due amount, whichever is greater. ● Your late fee will never exceed the Amount Due.
Accounts with a Pay Over Time Feature or Balance: Up to $37. ● Your first late fee is $27. This fee will be charged if you do not pay the Minimum Payment Due
on your billing statement by the Next Closing Date shown on that billing statement. ● If you do this again within 6 billing periods, your late fee is $37 instead. ● Your late fee will never exceed the Minimum Payment Due. ● Paying late may also result in a Penalty APR. See Penalty APR for new transactions and
Penalty APR for existing balances above.
Returned Payment Up to $37. If you make a payment that is returned unpaid the first time we present it to your bank,
the fee is $27. If you do this again within the same billing period or the next 6 billing periods, the fee
is $37. However, the returned payment fee will not exceed the applicable Minimum Payment Due. A
returned payment may also result in a penalty APR. See Penalty APR for new transactions above.
Returned Check $38 if you use your card to cash a check at one of our approved locations and the check is returned
unpaid. We will also charge you the unpaid amount.
Account Re-opening $25 if your Account is cancelled, you ask us to re-open it, and we do so.
Foreign Transaction None
Part 1, Part 2 and any supplements or amendments make up your Cardmember Agreement.
CMAEUFEEPAPR103 Page 2 of 2
The penalty APR may apply to new transactions if:
●
Due by the Closing Date of the billing period
in which it is due on one or more occasions;
or
● your payment is returned by your bank.
We may also consider your creditworthiness in
determining whether or not to apply the penalty
APR to the Pay Over Time feature(s) on your
Account.
If the penalty APR applies to a balance, it will
apply to charges added to that balance 15 or
more days after we send you notice.
We will review your Account every 6 months
after the penalty APR is applied. The penalty
APR will continue to apply until you have
made timely payments with no returned
payments during the 6 months being
reviewed.
you do not pay at least the Minimum Payment
Version 997011 Page 1 of 6
FDR 997011 Cardmember Agreement: Part 2 of 2 Doc 27303
How Your American Express Account Works
Introduction
About your Cardmember
Agreement
This document together with Part 1 make up the
Cardmember Agreement (Agreement) for the Account
identified on page 1 of Part 1. Any supplements or
amendments are also part of the Agreement.
When you use the Account (or you sign or keep the
card), you agree to the terms of the Agreement.
Changing the Agreement We may change this Agreement, subject to applicable
law. We may do this in response to the business,
legal or competitive environment. This written
Agreement is a final expression of the agreement
governing the Account. The written Agreement may
not be contradicted by any alleged oral agreement.
We cannot increase the interest rate on existing
balances except in limited circumstances. Changes
to some terms may require 45 days advance notice,
and we will tell you in the notice if you have the right
to reject a change. We cannot change certain terms
during the first year of your Cardmembership.
Words we use in the
Agreement
We, us, and our mean the issuer shown on page
1 of Part 1. You and your mean the person who
applied for this Account and for whom we opened
the Account. You and your also mean anyone
who agrees to pay for this Account. You are the
Basic Cardmember. You may request a card for
an Additional Cardmember (see About Additional
Cardmembers in Part 2).
Card means any card or other device that we issue
to access your Account. A charge is any amount
added to your Account, such as purchases, fees and
interest charges. A purchase is a charge for goods or
services.
To pay by a certain date means to send your payment
so that we receive it and credit it to your Account by
that date (see About your payments in Part 2).
About using your card
Using the card You may use the card to make purchases. You may
also use the card at an ATM to get cash from a
checking account you designate.
We decide whether to approve a charge based on
how you spend and pay on this Account and other
accounts you have with us and our affiliates. We
also consider your credit history and your personal
resources that we know about.
You may arrange for certain merchants to store
your card number and expiration date, so that, for
example:
● the merchant may charge your account at regular
intervals; or
● you may make charges using that stored card
information.
We may (but are not required to) tell these merchants
if your expiration date or card number changes or
if your account is cancelled. You must notify the
merchants directly if you want them to stop charging
your Account.
Keep your card safe and don't let anyone else use it.
If your card is lost or stolen or your Account is being
used without your permission, contact us right away.
You may not use your Account for illegal activities.
Promise to pay You promise to pay all charges, including:
● charges you make, even if you do not present your card or sign for the transaction,
● charges that other people make if you let them use your Account, and
● charges that Additional Cardmembers make or permit others to make.
Declined transactions We may decline to authorize a charge. Reasons
we may do this include suspected fraud and our
assessment of your creditworthiness. This may occur
even if your Account is not in default.
We are not responsible for any losses you incur
if we do not authorize a charge. And we are not
responsible if any merchant refuses to accept the
card.
About Pay Over Time features We may add features to your Account that allow you
to pay certain charges over time. These features
include Select & Pay Later, Sign & Travel®
 and the
Extended Payment Option.
Select & Pay Later allows you to request that eligible
purchases be moved to your Pay Over Time balance
after the charge appears on your statement. If we
approve your request, we will place the charge in
your Pay Over Time balance. If we decline your
request, you must pay the charge in full upon receipt
of your billing statement.
If you enroll in Sign & Travel, we will automatically
place eligible travel-related charges into a Pay
Over Time balance. Some examples are airline and
cruise ship tickets, hotels, car rentals and charges
made outside the U.S. If you enroll in the Extended
Payment Option, we will automatically place all
eligible charges into a Pay Over Time balance.
A charge is eligible if it equals or is more than a
certain dollar amount. We will tell you this amount
when you enroll, and it is subject to change. We
will tell you if we change it. Certain charges are not
eligible, such as cash and similar transactions.
We assign a Pay Over Time limit to your Account.
We will not place any charge into a Pay Over Time
balance if it causes the total of your Pay Over Time
balances to go over your Pay Over Time limit. We
may reduce or increase this amount. We may do so
even if you pay on time and your Account is not in
default. We will tell you if we change that amount. You
must pay in full upon receipt of your billing statement
all charges that are not placed into a Pay Over Time
balance. We may change which charges are eligible
to be placed into a Pay Over Time balance.
Version 997011 Page 2 of 6
About your payments
When you must pay Payment of the New Balance is due upon receipt of
your statement. If a statement includes a Pay Over
Time balance, it will show a Minimum Payment Due.
In this case, you must pay at least the Minimum
Payment Due by the Payment Due Date. Each
statement also states the time and manner by which
you must make your payment for it to be credited as
of the same day it is received.
Each statement also shows a Closing Date. The
Closing Date is the last day of the billing period
covered by the statement. Each Closing Date is about
30 days after the previous statement's Closing Date.
Each statement also shows a Next Closing Date.
How to make payments Make payments to us in U.S. dollars with:
● a single check drawn on a U.S. bank, or
● a single negotiable instrument clearable through
the U.S. banking system, for example a money
order, or
● an electronic payment that can be cleared through
the U.S. banking system.
When making a payment by mail:
● make a separate payment for each account,
● mail your payment to the address shown on the
payment coupon on your billing statement, and
● write your Account number on your check or
negotiable instrument and include the payment
coupon.
If your payment meets the above requirements, we
will credit it to your Account as of the day we receive
it, as long as we receive it by the time disclosed in
your billing statement. If we receive it after that time,
we will credit the payment on the day after we receive
it.
If your payment does not meet the above
requirements, there may be a delay in crediting your
Account. This may result in late fees and additional
interest charges (see How Rates and Fees Work on
page 2 of Part 1).
If we decide to accept a payment made in a foreign
currency, we will choose a rate to convert your
payment into U.S. dollars, unless the law requires us
to use a particular rate.
If we process a late payment, a partial payment, or a
payment marked with any restrictive language, that
will have no effect on our rights and will not change
this Agreement.
How we apply payments and
credits
If a statement includes a Pay Over Time balance, it
will show a Minimum Payment Due. The Minimum
Payment Due is the Pay In Full New Balance plus the
Pay Over Time Minimum Due.
If you have a Pay Over Time balance, we generally
apply payments-up to the Minimum Payment Due-first
to the Pay Over Time Minimum Due and then to the
Pay In Full New Balance. When applying a payment
to the Pay Over Time Minimum Due, we apply it first
to the balance with the lowest interest rate and then to
balances with higher interest rates.
After the Minimum Payment Due has been paid, we
apply payments to the remaining Pay Over Time
balance. When we do this, we apply payments first to
the balance with the highest interest rate and then to
balances with lower interest rates.
In most cases, we apply a credit to the same balance
as the related charge. We may apply payments and
credits within balances, and among balances with the
same interest rate, in any order we choose.
About your Minimum Payment Due
The Minimum Payment Due is the Pay In Full amount plus any Pay Over Time Minimum Due. To calculate the
Pay Over Time Minimum Due for each statement, we start with the higher of:
How we calculate your
Minimum Payment Due
(1) interest charged on the statement plus 1% of the
Pay Over Time New Balance (excluding interest on
the statement); or
(2) $35.
Then we round to the nearest dollar and add any Pay
Over Time amount past due. Your Pay Over Time
Minimum Due will not exceed your Pay Over Time
New Balance. You may pay more than the Minimum
Payment Due, up to your entire outstanding balance,
at any time.
EXAMPLE: Assume that you have a Pay Over
Time New Balance of $3,000, interest of $29.57, no
amounts past due, and a $400 Pay In Full amount.
(1)$29.57 + 1% multiplied by ($3,000 - $29.57) =
$59.27
(2) $35
The higher of (1) or (2) is $59.27, which rounds to
$59.00. The Pay Over Time Minimum Due of $59.00
plus the Pay in Full amount of $400 together make up
the Minimum Payment Due of $459.00.
About interest charges on Pay Over Time balances
When we charge interest For transactions added to pay over time balances at your request (for example, Select & Pay Later), we
charge interest from the date they are added to a pay over time balance until they are paid.
For transactions added automatically to a pay over time balance (for example, Sign & Travel and Extended
Payment Option), we charge interest from the transaction date until they are paid. However, we will not charge
interest on these transactions if:
● your Pay Over Time Previous Balance for the billing period is zero; or
● you paid the Account Total Previous Balance for each of the previous two billing periods in full by the closing
date shown on their respective statements.